auto-docs: Update RPCN connector docs (#267)
redpanda-data/rp-connect-docs: modules/components/partials/fields/inputs/sftp.adoc

*Default*: `true`

> === `connection_timeout`

Reviewer: Same for these fields...

The connection timeout to use when connecting to the target server.

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `30s`

=== `credentials`

The credentials required to log in to the SFTP server. This can include a username and password, or a private key for secure access.

*Type*: `object`

=== `credentials.host_public_key`

> The public key file of the SFTP server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The raw contents of the SFTP server's public key, used for host key verification.
```

*Type*: `string`

=== `credentials.host_public_key_file`

> The public key of the SFTP server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The path to the SFTP server's public key file, used for host key verification.```
